Have you heard about 'machine learning and having it deep and structured'?
How are you?
What's your name?
Hello
Thank God!  If I had to hear one more story about your coiffure
You never wanted to go out with me, did you?
I guess I thought I was protecting you.
Forget his reputation.  Do you think we've got a plan or not?
You didn't have a choice?
Can you do me a favor?
So I have to have a motive to be with you?
What's next?
You played for the Red Sox?
Are you saying that someone is paying you to be our maid and doesn't want us to know who he is?
What did he say?
How do you do?
Where do you live?
If she can't pay, I'll have to foreclose, won't I?
I want to see a movie.
I didn't kill him! I had nothing to do with that, I tell you!
What do you mean?
For a celebrated bounder, that is an awful admission.
Besides, I never knew that any female could do this to you
Maybe. But I'm taking no chances.  Why, this kid's got a record.
Did you get the case for the securities?
I'd like to take a crack at that guy.
I didn't do it! I haven't got a gun!
BASTARDS! Come back here and face me!
I told you you'd get your money back.
Let's get back on the road. You gotta be at that convention in the morning.
You ought to take up crap shooting. Talk about luck!
Don't you think you should call a backup?
Motherfucker you.
Machine learning.
Why you gotta talk about my moms?
You've got to be kidding me ! His lazy ass couldn't win the special Olympics.
Sir, this is not like firing any employee. We can't predict what will happen.
I don't know. Maybe we should watch the tape to be sure.
Listen man, I don't need this shit.
Will you stand up for me?
I had a feeling you would say something like that. So I brought us dinner.
They can't be serious. The ship's in pieces and we've less than a skeleton aboard.
How do you trun this on?
Thank God it's Friday!
I don't give a shit!
WHAT KIND OF PLAN IS THAT!??
No weirder than a sharp, young, good-looking woman working in a lumberyard.
The witness need not be hesitant to say anything before this committee, as long as it's the truth.
I'm sure a lot of people down in L.A. are worried sick about you.
Find the rockets.  If they're guarded, kill the men guarding them.
what single thing would you want the next President of this country to do most?
I forgot to get the Coca-Cola.
Whoa!... The government. They control everybody's mind. You're too fucking stupid to know that?
How about you graduation thesis?